CARDS-1950: Document all environment variables in Readme.md (#1205)
ccmbioinfo/lfs: environment.md

# Environment Variables

There are various environment variables that can be set in a production environment to enable different functionalities.

### Environment variables read by CARDS
The following environment variables are read by CARDS and thus can be used in both Docker and non-Docker deployments.

| Environment Variable | Description | Sample |
| ------------- | ----------- | -----: |

> | `S3_ENDPOINT_URL` | URL for an Amazon S3 endpoint to export data to | https://sns.us-west-1.amazonaws.com |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `S3_ENDPOINT_URL` | URL for an Amazon S3 endpoint to export data to | `https://sns.us-west-1.amazonaws.com` |
```

> | `S3_ENDPOINT_REGION` | The region to use with the above for SigV4 signing of requests | us-west-1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `S3_ENDPOINT_REGION` | The region to use with the above for SigV4 signing of requests | `us-west-1` |
```

> | `S3_BUCKET_NAME` | S3 bucket to export to | uhn |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `S3_BUCKET_NAME` | S3 bucket to export to | `uhn` |
```

| `AWS_KEY` | AWS access key | |

> | `AWS_SECRET` | AWS secdret access key | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AWS_SECRET` | AWS secret access key | |
```

> | `NIGHTLY_EXPORT_SCHEDULE` | Crontab-readable schedule to perform nightly export | 0 0 6 \* \* ? \* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `NIGHTLY_EXPORT_SCHEDULE` | Crontab-readable (Quartz Job Scheduler) schedule to perform nightly export to the configured S3 bucket | `0 0 6 \* \* ? \*` |
```

> | `NIGHTLY_EXPORT_SCHEDULE` | Crontab-readable (Quartz Job Scheduler) schedule to perform nightly export to the configured S3 bucket | `0 0 6 \* \* ? \*` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `NIGHTLY_EXPORT_SCHEDULE` | Crontab-readable (Quartz Job Scheduler) schedule to perform nightly export to the configured S3 bucket | `0 0 6 * * ? *` |
```

> | `REFERENCE_DATE` | A reference data from which all dates are to be measured from (for more details, see DateObfuscationProcessor.java) | 2020-01-01 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `REFERENCE_DATE` | A reference data from which all dates are to be measured from (for more details, see `DateObfuscationProcessor.java`) | `2020-01-01` |
```

> | `REFERENCE_DATE` | A reference data from which all dates are to be measured from (for more details, see `DateObfuscationProcessor.java`) | `2020-01-01` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `REFERENCE_DATE` | A reference date from which all dates are to be measured from (for more details, see `DateObfuscationProcessor.java`) | `2020-01-01` |
```

| `COMPUTED_ANSWERS_DISABLED` | If set to `true`, computed answers are disabled | `true` |
| `PATIENT_NOTIFICATION_FROM_ADDRESS` | The email address from which patient notifications are sent | `datapro@uhn.ca` |
| `PATIENT_NOTIFICATION_FROM_NAME` | The name field used in patient notification emails | `UHN DATAPRO` |
| `CARDS_HOST_AND_PORT` | The URL to CARDS, required when emails are enabled | `localhost:8080` |

> | `NIGHTLY_NOTIFICATIONS_SCHEDULE` | Crontab-readable schedule to perform nightly notification emails | `0 0 6 * * ? *` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `NIGHTLY_NOTIFICATIONS_SCHEDULE` | Crontab-readable (Quartz Job Scheduler) schedule to perform nightly notification emails | `0 0 6 * * ? *` |
```

> | `NIGHTLY_SLACK_NOTIFICATIONS_SCHEDULE` | Crontab-readable schedule to perform Slack notification messages | `0 0 6 * * ? *` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `NIGHTLY_SLACK_NOTIFICATIONS_SCHEDULE` | Crontab-readable schedule (Quartz Job Scheduler) for performing Slack performance metric update notification messages | `0 0 6 * * ? *` |
```

| `SLACK_PERFORMANCE_URL` | The Slack incoming webhook URL which the performance logger (`io.uhndata.cards.patients.slacknotifications`) can write its performance update messages to | `https://hooks.slack.com/services/ery8974/342rUYEiue/KJHkggI8973130DddE3r` |
| `SLACK_BACKUP_NOTIFICATIONS_URL` | The Slack incoming webhook URL which the Webhook backup task (`io.uhndata.cards.webhookbackup`) uses to log its backup task status (_started_/_completed_/_failed_) messages | `https://hooks.slack.com/services/ery8974/342rUYEiue/KJHkggI8973130DddE3r` |
| `BIOPORTAL_APIKEY` | API key [for Bioportal vocabularies](https://data.bioontology.org/documentation) | |

> | `NIGHTLY_WEBHOOK_BACKUP_SCHEDULE` | Crontab-readable schedule to perform a Webhook backup of CARDS | `0 0 6 * * ? *` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `NIGHTLY_WEBHOOK_BACKUP_SCHEDULE` | Crontab-readable schedule (Quartz Job Scheduler) for performing Webhook backups of CARDS | `0 0 6 * * ? *` |
```

> | `BACKUP_WEBHOOK_URL` | Webhook URL to perform backup of CARDS to | `http://localhost:8012` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `BACKUP_WEBHOOK_URL` | Webhook URL to perform backups of CARDS to | `http://localhost:8012` |
```

> ### Envrionment variables read by the CARDS docker container entrypoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Environment variables read by the CARDS docker container entrypoint
```
